I am so excited to be here physically
standing in front of you all [LAUGH] it's
like a dream come true after
the last couple years.
Hello, we are here to talk about
Data Visualization First Steps.
Hi, I'm Angana Vakil, I am a senior
developer advocate at Hisura and
an Observable Ambassador and
former member of the Observable team.
So today we're gonna be working
through some materials and
these slides also as observable notebooks,
so
you can find all of the course
materials on observablehq.com.
If you go to the URL you see here
which I think just got pasted into
the chat as well observablehq.com/@
anjana/data-visualization-first-steps you
will find these slides.
And if you click, you should see
at the top here a little of square
icon that says Data Visualization
First Steps, when you click that,
you should see a sidebar open,
with all of the other materials.
Including the overview which you
already saw, on frontend masters, and
the different project worksheets
that we'll be working through.
So we're gonna be doing all of our work
in the browser today and Observable and
I'm gonna explain later how,
how that all works.
Observable is this in browser coding
environment that makes data visualization
really quick and easy, so
that's why we are gonna be using it today.
And yeah, as we go,
I will explain everything you
need to know about Observable.
You don't need an Observable account
to do the workshop today, but
if you would like to sign up for
one so that you can save your work,
come back to it later,
you are totally welcome to do so.
Okay, so first of all,
yes again, I am Anjana,
I am visiting here in Minneapolis
from San Francisco where I'm based.
And my experience with data visualization,
really,
I guess started a couple of years ago
when I joined Observable and I learned
a lot about how data visualization can
be really helpful for us as developers.
So that's kind of what
brings me to the field and
that's what I'm gonna be
sharing with you all.
So a couple of years ago was really pretty
brand new to the database space and
was taking my first steps.
And so that is kind of the journey I would
like to take you along with me on today.
We're gonna be exploring some basic
fundamentals of databases which hopefully
will stand us in really good shape to go
on and continue deepening our learning.
With things like the really
awesome D3 courses,
that folks like Charlie Wu have
put out on Frontend Masters